play-listing/Google-play-description.md, before:

# AARR - Another Awesome RSS Reader

## About

RSS reader for <a href="http://theoldreader.com/">The Old Reader</a>. 

When Google shut down their reader I had to find a new way to read my RSS feeds. After trying all services out there 
my pick was <a href="http://theoldreader.com/">The Old Reader</a>, probably because the service reminded me the most 
of the Google reader experience. 

Please report any feedback <a href="https://github.com/DanielSundberg/AARR/issues">on my Github page</a>.

This app is completely free and contains no ads (other than provided by RSS content providers). 
The application is provided under the MIT free software license.

## Required permissions

* Internet, we obviously need this to get the RSS feed content.

## Security

Outgoing network traffic from this app goes to <a href="https://theoldreader.com">The old reader</a> 
to fetch blog post text content. However, images, icons, videos and other resources are fetched from the RSS 
providers using standard HTML.

The application does not collect any statistics about the user, no information whatsoever is sent to 
the creator of this app.

The username and password are used to connect to TheOldReader is not saved in the application, the credentionals 
is only used to create an API key that is then used for communication with theoldreader.com. 

![Screenshot](screenshot.png)

![Screenshot](blogtext.png)

Commit message:

-New icons -Moved Google play description -Alert when pressing share in browser -Updated todo

play-listing/Google-play-description.md, after:

RSS reader for The Old Reader (http://theoldreader.com). 

When Google shut down their reader I had to find a new way to read my RSS feeds. After trying all services out there my pick was The Old Reader, probably because the service reminded me the most of the Google reader experience. 

The lack of a good reading experience on Android gave me the reason to develop this app.

Please report any feedback on my Github page: https://github.com/DanielSundberg/AARR/issues

This app is completely free and open source. It doesn't contains any ads (other than those that might be put there by RSS content providers). The application is provided under the MIT free software license.

Required permissions
-Internet, we obviously need this to get the RSS feed content.

Security
Outgoing network traffic from this app goes to https://theoldreader.com to fetch blog post text content. However, images, icons, videos and other resources are fetched from the original URL using standard browser requests.

The application does not collect any statistics about the user, no information at all is sent back to the creator of this app.

The username and password are only used to connect to TheOldReader and is not saved in the application, the credentionals is only used to create an API key that is then used for communicating with theoldreader.com.

Since I don't own the content in the RSS feeds shown in the screenshot I have blurred the content.
